I'm arrested I'm like this I love
[Music]
Wow
good morning chan phan welcome back to
my blog channel or welcome to my channel
if you're new here so today is Thursday
it is currently 10 almost 10:30 in the
morning I'm up early got my hair done
makeup done outfit done by the way this
jackets really cute but anyways I'm up
early because I have a nail appointment
why does my highlight never want to
blend on this side like that's just so
annoying it's okay my sweat will blend
it in later
real quick today I'm so fucking lazy you
have a nail appointment so I have to be
there at 11:00 thank goodness I'm gonna
my nails on because I really just didn't
like the nails that I have right now
it's like this orange you know it's not
focusing it's like a neon orange and
yellow with like white drizzle on it to
be honest every time I look at my nails
it makes me angry because I look like I
have like ice cream nails are like a
cookie design um I know I just don't
like it
so I'm gonna go get my nails done today
I'm super excited about that I also have
a photoshoot later today and then I'm
hanging out with some friends so today's
gonna be a very busy day so stay tuned
if you guys like the video you already
know to do like comment subscribe join
the fan turn my notifications on yeah
let's just go ahead and get started
other day I'm gonna be late if I don't
leave right now so let's go
now so I'm getting my nails done
I just finished getting my nails done at
Wonderland nails I will make sure link
there's their um stuff in the
description I will say I always get so
annoyed getting my nails done just
because it takes so long it's now one
o'clock my appointment once at 11:00 so
it took about two hours to do my nails
which in LA it usually takes like 45
minutes really just got a fill it's not
like I got like new nails you know but
it's done so I'm chilling I'm about to
go meet up with my friends now and grab
some food and I am starving I just
stopped at Tesco Express oh I didn't
realize I'm in the area then when I was
looking for a place to live like an
apartment I actually came over here and
looked at one of these places but
anyways yeah I stopped at Tesco got a
few snacks like my bag is filled it was
snacks I'm about to eat the Reese's
peanut butter cups right now though but
I just needed some snacks because I'm
starving I want to wait to get like
actual food but children like I needed
to eat something kinda had anything for
breakfast
nothing to drink I'm a little dehydrated
it's a nice day outside today though
it's really warm I can still wear this
jacket not be hot but it feels nice oh
by the way I could have taken the bus
to the train station because that would
have been a lot quicker but because it's
such a nice day I thought I was like you
know I'm just gonna walk it feels good
it's not to fart like a 15 minute walk
so yeah hello
where are you wow I got here about
something you know that you're terrible
I was an hour away
wow it is you you took forever dude your
makeup s mhm okay basically if you all
don't understand I'm meeting my friends
in LA in LA but nella they were supposed
to be here both of them were supposed to
be here I was getting my nails done as
you guys so I told them at the nail
salon when I was enough long to leave
come here and meet up with each other
and then I will deal with them neither
of them right here well la just got here
so she'd want to be here but never less
still in the car I was furthest away
from all of them can't rely on nobody
smh but anyways I'm just nervous
because if I go to La Turbie be charging
my phone
because it's literally about to die
she's coming me so yeah I'm sorry but we
were supposed to go eat but literally my
photo shoot is in 15 minutes so we have
no time to go eat Wow they are trashed
maybe were trash I am now accepting
applications for new friends
no damn idea 20 years old now that'd be
great oh yeah by the way since we're
talking about Friday I guess I might as
well clear a lot of people been asking
why haven't I been hanging out with
Rekha lately or am I still friends right
or whatever me at Rutgers are still cool
but the only reason I just don't hang
out with her
anymore it is just because of her cage
it's just like I don't know when I went
back to LA all my family was like she's
17 like it's how we really need to know
and 17 year old I mean I guess I never
really thought about it because when I
first met Berger I didn't know how old
she was
until one day me and AJ want to go to
the club and a strike oh yeah how old
are you she told me so you know I still
hang out with every local person it
should feel as a person but for that
reason being though it isn't no weird
that I was saying over the 17 year old
like I kind of liked one dan I want a
fresh start you know
yeah you don't want to be running so I
wonder when the day he'll be a great day
but yeah that's why I just don't think
I'll work anymore but and I just started
hanging out with the war my age
dribbling everyone you see that I'm
hanging around in the blog they're all
like 20 years old enough everywhere so
look who made it your intern
so what Starbucks did you go to we're
supposed to go eat but yeah we're gonna
have to because my photo shoots with
230v
where is it here it's here
I don't like anything like fill me up a
little bit you know
is there a McDonald's over here yeah
should we gonna go work on my loss
alright we got the goods we got the
goods
we both got six piece and that gets the
barbecue sauce and then I got the fruit
bag but I pretty much ate all the fruit
ready
well that was upsetting I literally
almost forgot to vlog but I am at the
photo shoot now like location
look at this guy's absolutely just like
a bunch of graffiti walls it's so dope
BAM once you see the pictures you guys
definitely have to go like it this bitch
someone come get her come get her once
you guys see the pictures they'll be up
by time you see this they'll be pictures
on my Instagram yeah I need to take pics
there too that silat they'll be on my
Instagram so make sure you like it and
leave a neon green port if you see the
pictures it's this outfit okay go put a
neon green heart on it once you see this
blog and I'll be liking your comments
back so yeah all right we're gonna take
more pics I'll get back to you in a
second
Canella is here oh those are hot those
are hard
I don't feel so hot thank you yes no
like yes
[Music]
hey hey
all right well if you don't like oh no
that's not her they're full you just
don't like avocado all right guys we are
going to the although bar in London
which I thought was a great idea until I
mentioned it and then these two big guys
are like they don't like avocado I love
avocado but we're gonna go anyways and
so this is gonna be even more fun
because I'm gonna vlog their reactions
to all mikado
stuff by the way we're near the London
Eye look how beautiful it is yes it
really is a beautiful day today the
photoshoot was so fun we're done now I
don't know if I mentioned that but such
a nice day out today I don't know what
to blog I just like I want to blog I
don't know what to blog so I'm just
letting go to my camera and myself you
really think she's American this is cute
sort of like area I don't know really
what an alluring cross the arch is where
we just near the arches at uh what we
were we could have came this way the art
water loop
[Music]
all right we made it to alpha bar
these ones are trying to make a meme go
viral again apparently insert vine
look at how aesthetically pleasing these
menus are as well as this whole
restaurant it is so cute this is like
this I wish this was my Instagram thing
but like I wouldn't be able to keep up
with it like look at look at it it's
like pink and green look at the walls
it's so pretty look at the menus they
match he's talking about when you use
the pepper we are going to so I think is
actually really good here as well we're
gonna pick a few things off the menu and
try them she wants unhealthy we're
eating healthy today I'm waiting up to
get it together when we get cereal
carpet and then you can indulge you know
but for now this movement period we have
to be LA period that's all
all right thank you so much
I got really sad
[Music]
amazing
all righty cantando thank you thank you
so much delicious all right we're gonna
start off one-by-one first we're all
gonna have some guacamole and chips
start off with the basics you know
nothing too crazy I love all the phones
on a free leg
I don't mind around a wing now the
dragon frames
[Music]
I'm a loafer nobody
those will really go together Kaka one
of them was like blue bow that's blue
Wow
okay so she loves it so good yeah
all right no this time she's gonna try
her sweet cakes
come on about this sir
would you call it mutter sir zero sir
the third
don't get the pancakes
and the flowers you won't get sick
[Music]
okay
okay so they've made it really good so
far all right I'm gonna try it mine oh
mine has an egg as well
[Music]
Oh
mr. grouper
Wow
yeah you guys like their food - yeah the
way they infused into the yeah part two
of the other day getting lit with my
crackhead friends so is this part part -
hey how's it going the short version you
have the least okay with the straw
[Music]
boom dying
together
[Music]
you like this ones I mean
I get 100
now she's sweet give me miss Chandler
Alexis do you want for the 230 some on
Instagram
and I'm allowed friend she's about ready
yeah yeah
a we won something
come on let's go
let's go for 233 shot this is Senator
ADM she did it for you guys
about
what the how you saw a little tiny
action
just got these little avocado zone
movies that are gonna take so long does
this menu have
okay so the smoothie that we got is
called the almost sunshine in it it has
avocado almond milk banana agave syrup
cinnamon and tumeric which sounds
delicious it looks delicious
I'm gonna take this one this looks like
[Laughter]
let's see how these taste good
think of it this girl back him this is
the real test cuz you guys know I don't
like healthy I don't like smoothies so
my opinion is only gonna matters
I like
my taste okay okay it tastes good I'm
gonna finish it just for the taste and
if this tastes healthy when it tastes
like I know it'll be decoration
BAM Chan fucking fail I am way she gets
giggly when she's drunk
but waves like I feel like my head feels
a little a little like I can't really
know I think I just feel I feel I'm not
I'm not drunk wave like I'm in that leg
[Music]
yeah it's nasty yeah it's alright
alright look America where you can see
we have better options out there TGI
Fridays is like a leg sonic is good what
else do they have
chick-fil-a oh right because you guys
it's to pull a taste of prison our
Chipotle's and your that way they're
Subway's taste different than our subway
so their hand express probably tastes
different than our Panda Express what
else y'all missing out on yeah we got
two bucks jack-in-the-box
jack-in-the-box all night midnight
jack-in-the-box hits so check the crack
what else
Yogurtland yo girl and Cheesecake
Factory
oh yeah Texas Roadhouse cake Texas
Roadhouse no seals I never had that
oh he'll y'all know oh I'm creeping the
bread for new seals and so much
Cheesecake Factory you just brought it
back - yeah she's cheese no no these
cakes have a lot of different these
cakes but they have like pastas the
bread
[Music]
the next joint yeah over here
Dampier please don't be my the dogs
how'd you go from the square ball to the
wind I just was like fuckin puppy you
see how she said the fucking delivery
thing
I need shading funny video yeah explain
about doing that uh one week challenge
we only level of the ten dollars like I
[Music]
said my friend told me to order food oh
please
and then just say it every game and then
I said my friend told me that we can't
do that she's like teaching y'all how to
commit fraud once I uploaded the cops
will be looking for you know overreach
with sue you and she was like I'm
running I'm running from the cops for
seven days that's great they'd love to
hear that she's getting caught up
already
[Music]
all change mr. mee no Disney toy goes
back no it doesn't go back we said when
a train terminates the same way all just
crash into each other so thinking yeah
well that's what kind of figure out how
do we have Lily one fuckin so we could
get anything well I'm not trying to do
that clearly but I had to stop like one
stop anything no we need to be on that
side you guys will see when everybody
literally need to be on that side now
I'll be sure to listen to the man when
he told us to go flop score Wow one time
for myself girl three times we can hurt
season they say no she's dancing
bathroom break oh I didn't even blog
just now but we just made a little quick
pit stop in to this place called
paradise alley which is like this little
hidden kind of bar something we're both
cute little pit stop I took some
pictures I'll post them now
yeah so we stopped in for a second
looked around and now we're back heading
towards the serial killer cafe okay we
got distracted me another pit stop into
this cute little shop but we're trying
on glasses what do you guys think I have
these in blue and gray already but yeah
they're cute little vibe I feel like
everyone's getting tired of the neon on
me though oh yeah so once I have or less
silver those are like the gold ones
those are cute the gold they so big on
your nothing no one can tell me nothing
period from my fucking period I need
some glasses
I lost my clay ones by the way the big
ones I think I need to call the place
and see if they have them but I left
them at the cute I left them at the
dance place oh these are kind of cute
what do you guys think I think you kind
of fresh oh that's thank you yeah those
are cute girly you're like half my head
thank you thank you
we're in a new vintage shop another one
this is called I don't know
look how cute this is
these are all literally earrings part of
the week all other earrings and that's
okay I can keep them they have patches
Oh
we've made it to the serial killer cafe
oh look it's got little VCRs those are
called
the old-school videos
[Music]
okay for cereal I decided to get crunch
berries because I haven't had in forever
how cute is this
[Music]
we got more plans you made it this far
into the blog comment what that serial
is caught in the comments I got the iced
tea even in rural Texas yeah I've got
the cinnamon on Johnson looks good okay
you try yours
[Music]
Wow so me and Ella got the macaroni and
cheese and la Godsey
the capital crashed chicken is like that
oh that is super clear though the
Larchmont perfect thank you to the most
parts of the milk not in it so it's time
and while he saw games but all Lincoln
is can we just watch your circle is
literally glittery I need up the ring of
that this girl already started eating
don't even play how does it taste
yeah
[Music]
the Bom Bom are you like okay it's okay
okay I love the crunch double crunch on
cereal ham to try my mouth I got the
same thing as
[Music]
arterial also came out on the Fed lost
applet
they make it where they don't put the
milk in it if we get soggy while you're
eating like the rest air food
[Music]
[Applause]
show me please we put on the tables is
put on the table she just found hair in
her food kit reaches that's legit hair
[Laughter]
can we talk about this story times
coming in literally we said was brown
and I have a video of it as well and she
tips and my soul and then we like we
just took out and comedian because it's
not a big field I know I put on a napkin
and I wrote there's food and like an ear
hair in the food right we left being pet
to you knocking in our faces saying oh
no one actually does but we're not
blaming her and just we didn't complain
we could have crane
oh yeah they're disgusting well we won't
get into a story time into this once I
get home okay well we're gonna tell a
story time right now because these two
they're they're really upset up there
their limit okay so basically we're
going the wrong way I told you I am just
told you we were going the wrong way
totally Chandler look we're here and
we're walking towards it out zoom in no
we need to turn when I'm in the same
stream yeah here's the cafe weenie get
when you go back that way okay so I was
story so you know too much basically we
got our food as you guys saw and I
actually blogged the fact that la found
hair in her sauce right so she got
chicken her sauce had hair in it instead
of complaining I'm telling the story
oh yeah instead of complaining though
what we decide to do look where we are
and look where the thing is say we've
done that way wait
we're looking for shortage it's still
strange
it's
we are in shortage okay so like I was
saying instead of complaining about the
hair and her food which is absolutely
disgusting
we were already about to leave we
approach mature approach but basically
we were already done eat we were just
done with the food we just weren't like
the experience just wasn't what we
thought it would be so what we decided
to do was well I decided to do I took
upon myself to take the hair and put it
on a napkin and say I wrote on the from
the napkin there was I found it yeah we
found hair in the food and then it's
definite chicken oh yeah I put
specifically like okay I found hair in
my chicken and crispy one and then I put
my hair oh yeah I put thanks and I put
the hair on the napkin and then just
left it there right and so then we
literally walked out of the cafe
he said well so I don't speak English we
walk out of the cafe literally we were
outside the girl that works there
decides to come Brad no she ran he ran
but she made it a mission a mission to
come and talk to us you read I said she
was gonna hey sorry did you do my hair
yeah she was like no we walk alert like
calm down it was black yeah she one of
the chef's town says have black hair
they're all blonde and she's lost in a
fish and she ran inside this inside the
cafe and we went back after her she has
brown hair and she's the one who serves
the food she doesn't wear that hair she
doesn't wear a hairnet so they could've
been yours but we weren't even it's not
like we were blaming her we just wrote
we found food we don't care whose hair
was there should have nerve and hair in
the food it could have been hey man
we're not even mad about the hair we're
mad about the disrespect yeah often Ave
see we we were legit came outside just
to laugh in our face I'm in room I can't
thinking that we weren't gonna say
nothing we're gonna be like okay no we
went back inside we caused the scene
because they were like if you're gonna
disrespect us like that we'll let every
single customer here know what the issue
was being on the street will cause a
scene in the restaurant
sorry actually I think I do have really
bad luck with this customer so I don't
recommend going there anymore like no
the until they fire her
don't go or if they go there you know go
there and tell her that I don't like her
manager I would take it upon myself to
go up there and make a boy no you're not
I said bullshit yeah no you're not honey
they seem like he's gonna deal with it
he's not going he's not gonna do nothing
he walked out he was like whatever you
know I think that was just an annoying
experience and it was just very
disrespectful the fact that we were just
all adults and like that's how you
decide to speak to us and like mock us
it's just stupid it's actually best I
[Laughter]
got that splat you don't it's cool right
but we're about to go to what is he to
say start sorry my camera is dying but
we are about to go to shop it's not
called go to movies so see you guys
there shopping we got our alcohol we
have to drink this movies have to finish
it
[Applause]
she's showing me her dance choreo
because apparently she can dance so let
me get you a sore okay made it to Center
world got our tickets let me get my
pinkie
thank you alright so we got
Thank You B started like 60 mention up
I'm pretty sure la was like oh it's just
adverts advocates you know
advertisements ads on it right now but I
feel like I alright I am home the reason
I my bathroom is because I need to wash
my hands I feel like my hands was so
disgusting and dirty from being out all
day but that being said I was going to
end the vlog here because it's a lot of
content today and I have a photo shoot
tomorrow as well with a company and like
I just and I don't want to spend too
much to the point where like it takes
forever to edit you know so we're gonna
in the blog here I'm going myself some
dinner take a shower and then go to bed
it's pretty late I'm not gonna say what
time it is just cuz people be in my
business but shit please dropping
everything it's pretty late but I
decided on my way back home that I want
to end my vlogs a little bit differently
from now on usually we do like the
comment of the day which is like the
emoji of the day and every now and then
I still want to do that but I think the
new thing that I want to do is going to
be my lows and highs and basically what
it is is I'm gonna tell you a lo of my
day and I hi of my day and I want you
guys to do the same in the comments like
every single day that I've posted like I
want to see low high blank you fill in
the blank you know I mean because after
I'm not interesting and the reason I say
I want you to do it low first and then
high because I think you should always
end your day on a positive note
something bad may have happened the high
note should remind you to be grateful
for like the good things you know so
with that being said I'll start my low I
say that like we're sitting around in a
group of Mikey your turn but more like
that but my low for the day was probably
the incident at the serial killer cafe I
just think it was just so unnecessary
over the top and just rude like the lady
was really rude but with that being said
we're not gonna focus too much attention
on that my high of the day was actually
just being very spontaneous with my
friends and being able to just do a
bunch of shit today that we didn't even
have plan like the only thing I had
planned planned was the photo shoot and
get my nails done but you guys saw what
we did today like we don't what and
overall my high point was trying the
matcha avocado pancakes those were so
freakin good like you have no idea you
guys are just thinking to go there to
the avocado bar and try it because it
was BOM and I really want to go back
like every single day like I want
postmates it's like back to my house
every single morning because they were
delicious I didn't think that I was
gonna like them just because it's like a
vegetable and your pancake you know but
it was blonde so that was my high was
that being said let me know what your
low and your high of the day was in the
comments down below if you haven't
already subscribed to my channel join
the champion we'd love to have you you
know join our cult just kidding
watch people take that serious in the
comments on my days um also make sure to
give this video a like if you enjoyed me
hanging out with my friends and having
our spontaneous day and you want to see
more days like that like this video and
terminator vacations minified every time
i upload which is almost every single of
the day other day know almost every
single day I try I try my best artists
yeah I love you so much thank you for
watching I'll see you in my book
tomorrow I chill there Alexis Alexis
Chandler and I am I don't have my
freakin bougie ass headphones in I just
walked in my house don't think I did it
on purpose okay when I walk home I put
my headphones in anyways I'm sorry go
good night
[Music]
by the way in